[KURT groans]
[YOR] You think you'd
get away with this,
you kidnapping pervert?!
No! Little Anya is too
young to get married!
Even I didn't tie the knot
until this past year!
[ANYA]
Mama! I was so scared!
[YOR]
It's okay. You're all right now.
[KEITH]
That's the kid's mom?
Ugh. We'll have to
grease both of 'em!
All right, you mutt.
I want you to rip out
that woman's throat!
[YOR growls]
Come back!
Mama! So scary!
Don't be scared,
I've got you now.
[PASSERBY A]
Is there a fight or something?
[KEITH]
Can't cause a scene here.
Hey! Come on, you fleabag!
Fine!
[YOR]
Hey! Wait!
No. What am I doing?
I can't leave Anya
by herself again.
Get it together, Yor.
[YOR] That'll teach Mister
Kidnapper a lesson.
[DOG whines]
[YOR]
All right.
Now I should probably take
this guy to the police.
Are you okay, Mister Doggie?
[YOR] So what's the story
with this puppy?
Oh, uh...
[YOR]
Huh?! Terrorists and bomb dogs?!
Bombs, huh?
[YOR]
Let me see.
I think he's clear.
[ANYA] My new friend Mister
Doggie saved my life.
[YOR]
Anya.
I'm so incredibly relieved to
know that you're safe and sound.
I was worried sick about you.
I'm so sorry, Mama.
I promised you...
that I wouldn't run off.
Honestly.
[YOR]
When we get home,
I'll have to give you
a stern talking-to.
[YOR] Oh, but I guess we
should tell the police
about this first, shouldn't we?
Anya, do you happen to remember
what the bad guys looked like,
or what they were talking about?
Anything like that?
[ANYA] Um, I think I can
if I try real hard.
[YOR] Yes, that's
exactly what happened.
[YOR] Right. There's one lying
unconscious in the alleyway.
No! I'm just a normal housewife
who was passing by!
Huh? What is it?
[ANYA] Wait, are you
seeing the future again?
[gasps]
[ANYA]
Why isn't Papa there?
Where is that?
[ANYA]
Papa!
[NEWSCASTER A]
In a televised statement,
Westalis said they hold the
Ostanian government responsible
for its failure to prevent
the assassination
of the Foreign Minister.
This tragic event likely
ensures the possibility
of armed conflict.
[gasps]
That's the future! It is, right?
[ANYA]
It looks so scary!
Papa's gonna die and
world peace'll be over!
Anya, don't do that!
You need to be sweet
to that poor puppy.
Oh, it's nothing. Anyway...
[ANYA]
Papa's gonna be exploded.
If I tell Mama,
she can save him.
But then she'll find
out about my powers.
Do you think that we
can change the future
if we try really hard?
You can still run, can't you?
Borf!
[ANYA]
I'm sorry, Mama.
Um, I just remembered something.
Papa forgot to take any
toilet paper to the potty!
He's probably making
a big ol' mess,
so I'm gonna go take him
some toilet paper right now!
[YOR]
No, Anya! Come back!
She's running off again.
Whoops, sorry about that.
But I've told you
everything I know,
so please come and
arrest him right away.
[OPERATOR A]
But wai--
Anya!
Anya! Where did
you go this time?!
[door opens]
[AGENT A]
Handler!
We were able to intercept
a police report of a terrorist
that was just sighted in an
alleyway near Central Station.
According to the
eyewitness description,
sounds like we've got a match
to one of those students.
[HANDLER]
They're on the move.
Dispatch teams along the routes
leading from that area.
We'll commandeer any
white van coming through.
But proceed with caution.
It may be loaded
with explosives.
[TERRORISTS gasp]
But how?
The Alpha Team has
secured the targets.
We've got four conspirators
and three dogs.
And what may be a
case of explosives.
[BRAVO AGENT A]
Bravo here.
We've taken in three
of the conspirators.
The primary target, Keith
Kepler's whereabouts
are unknown.
We'll continue
searching the area.
[KEITH] Damn it!
Is that the Secret Police?
No, I think they're
from the West.
So what now?
I've only got two hours
before this thing starts.
We've still got bombs
in one more safehouse.
Don't think they've found it.
All right, then.
I guess I'll just have
to do this on my own.
Talk!
Where are you setting off the
bombs, and where's Keith?
I'll tell ya. Go and eat shit!
Stick your head deep in a toilet
and start munchin' away!
We'll bring down the
pigs from the West!
[BOTH]
Bring them down!
[TERRORISTS]
You scumbag.
[HANDLER]
Leave the howling to the dogs.
This is unbecoming.
[HANDLER] Educate me, students.
What exactly do you want?
[TERRORIST A]
Heh. A war!
To exterminate the West
and restore an era
of Ostanian supre--
Any of you actually
killed a person before?
Have you ever been
killed in combat?
What kind of stupid-ass
question is that?
[HANDLER] Ever had a bomb
tear off one of your limbs?
Had to listen to bones
being shattered?
Or had the smell of rotting
flesh penetrated your nostrils?
What the hell are
you talking about?
[HANDLER] Have you ever watched
your closest family members
get buried under
a crumbling building?
Any of you had to scrape a piece
of your lover's flesh
off of the wall?
Or been so hungry
you actually tried
to sink your teeth into a tree?
Gone so far that you stewed
human flesh in a pot?
Have you had to deny the
humanity of your enemy
just so you could keep
on slaughtering them,
only to become so
broken in the end
that the shame and regret
physically makes you sick?
Have your so-called friends
who walked the same path
decided that suicide
was the only way out?
It's quite clear to me
that you've learned nothing
about war at your university.
Foolish children.
[KEITH]
All right, pooch.
Once you catch the
minister's scent,
don't you dare
lose it, you hear?
I'm counting on you. Good dog!
[KEITH]
Okay, with those guys caught,
both Plan A and Plan B are
probably out the window.
They're gonna move more guards
around the clock tower plaza,
so that's not an option.
Well, if that's how
it's gonna be,
I'll just have to lure as
many as I can into a trap
and get rid of 'em!
Just wait, you little piggies!
I'll blow you all
to smithereens!
[HANDLER]
We need teams stationed
at points B-one through B-four.
B-one is the most likely target,
so, Twilight, I want you to
personally sweep that area.
Stop them at any cost.
Roger that, Handler.
I feel exactly the same way.
I've had enough...
Enough war and death.
[ANYA]
I see it!
That's the pointy clock
you showed me!
This way, Mister Doggie!
That's the place
where I saw Papa die!
We have to stop it!
To prepare for
the upcoming summit,
here in Berlint's city center,
security is very tight.
Not only has traffic
flow been restricted,
but press access as
well, unfortunately.
[ANYA]
We made it to the clock place!
[ANYA] I can't figure out
where Papa's gonna die.
Mister Doggie! Let me see into
the future with you again!
[gasps]
[ANYA] Right before
everything blew up,
I'm pretty sure the
clock went "bong"!
One of the hands was
pointing to the top!
That means we have till, uhhh...
[ANYA]
I can't read the clock!
What do the long hand and
short hand mean, anyway?
Which one is which?
[ANYA]
Excuse me, sir.
How many more minutes will it be
till that clock goes "bong"?
[OLD MAN A] Oh, you mean
the bell in the tower?
It's supposed to ring at
the top of every hour,
so we've got about 30 minutes
until the next one.
[ANYA]
Fank you fery much!
Thirty minutes. We gotta hurry!
So how long is 30 minutes?
[ANYA yelps]
Hey. What's wrong,
Mister Doggie?
[ANYA]
Uh! That's the bad guy boss!
[KEITH]
No! Stay in the car!
[ANYA]
He found us!
[KEITH] Get back in there
right now, you stupid mutt!
I'm in a hurry, damn it!
[ANYA sighs]
[KEITH] Gotta get the
hell outta here quick,
before anybody sees me!
[KEITH] I threw that thing
together, so I hope it works.
At least now, the trap is set.
[gasps] He's the one that
causes the esplosion!
[KEITH] Just try and come
after me, you idiotic swine.
The moment you set
foot in there, kaboom!
It's in that building!
[KEITH] The explosion is bound
to cause some collateral damage,
but sacrifices like
that are just part of it.
Hmph. At least they'll be
dying for our country.
They should consider
it an honor.
[ANYA]
This is bad!
We gotta do something
about that bomb!
Let's see.
The big hand went
from six to seven,
so I'm pretty sure there
seven minutes left.
Anyway, umm, we gotta hurry up!
[ANYA]
I think that's it.
--[DOG barks]
--Oh, right!
If I open the door,
we are gonna go boom-boom!
[ANYA] I think I can climb
through that little window.
[ANYA]
Will you push me, Mister Doggie?
Uh! There's the bomb.
[ANYA] If I can disarm it,
I can save Papa!
Uh. But how do you...
disarm a bomb?
[ANYA] On TV, they keep
'em from blowing up
by picking a red or blue wire.
They cut it, and that's it.
Which one, though?
Uh-oh, all of the
wires are black!
I don't have scissors
for the choppy chop.
What do I do?
I'm gonna run outta time!
If Papa comes here,
I'll tell him he can't come in.
But then he'll figure out
that I'm not normal
and he pro'ly won't
want me anymore.
But if Papa dies, I'll be sad
and world peace will
be in big trouble!
That must be point B-one.
The northernmost room
on the third floor.
All right, time's runnin' out.
[SENIOR AGENT A]
What the--? A message in blood?
Wait, do you smell that?
I think it's ketchup.
"No eggplant doorknob"?
Some new kinda code?
I don't believe there's
anybody still here,
but let's proceed with caution.
We don't have time to sit around
second guessing ourselves.
The minister's heading
out any minute.
I'm not lettin' some college
punk get the drop on us.
[ANYA] Papa, did you see
the message I wrote in blood?
He's too far away for
me to read his mind.
I really hope he's okay.
[ANYA screams]
[ANYA] That's what time it
was in the future, I think!
Is it gonna blow up?
[ANYA]
It didn't!
Did we do it?
I saw Papa again!
So... you and me
saved the future!
Something feels off.
This code is here for a reason,
so we can't act rashly.
[TWILIGHT]
As I suspected, it's a trap.
Opening that door would've
sent us sky high.
So this thing is supposed to
be a bomb and not an eggplant?
Too close for comfort.
I guess that means somebody
must've been expecting us.
Well, then who drew this
weird warning message?
I don't think we have time
to figure all that out.
The Secret Police have
arrived on the scene.
We should leave the
message up on the door
and let them disarm the bomb.
We need to get away
from here, quickly.
[JUNIOR AGENT A] We never found
Keith, though, did we?
Hard to investigate with the
Secret Police snooping around.
Then let's head to
the minister's location.
We threw a wrench in their plan,
so our suspect may resort to
more desperate measures.
[SECRETARY A] Minister Brantz,
it's just about time.
Let's head to the
reception area.
Some of their Foreign Affairs
agents will escort us.
[BRANTZ]
Can't seem to take a step
without the eyes of
the state watching.
Well, there has been
some terrorist activity.
You're telling me WISE hasn't
eliminated the suspects yet?
Talk about a worthless bunch.
[knocking]
Huh?
[TWILIGHT]
Pardon me.
I'm with the
intelligence service.
Minister, step into the car
and my team will
drive on ahead of you.
[BRANTZ]
Hmm...
Right this way, sir.
[BRANTZ] No, I'd rather
take a car on my own.
[DRIVER A]
Uh, sir?
[BRANTZ]
Why don't you all go home, now?
[DRIVER A]
Sir!
[TWILIGHT] I should be
far enough out of sight.
So that must mean
he's using the dog
to track my scent and follow me.
What in the hell is
going on here, Sylvia?!
One of your boys
showed up to my room
and proceeded to steal all
the damn clothes off my back!
I need that suit, please.
[gasps]
[BRANTZ] You running some
kind of clown show, or what?!
I apologize, sir, but urgent
action was necessary.
I presume he needed your scent
to throw the dog off your trail.
Our agent should be at a safe
distance with the enemy in tow.
So leave now, while you can.
Oh, but put on
some clothes first
to spare an international
embarrassment.
Huh? What in the--?
[KEITH]
He changed his route?
Is he changing it up again?
Something's not right.
Why's he keep going in circles?
Got eyes on Keith.
Car, gray coupe.
From what I can tell,
he's got one dog with him.
We'll start boxing
him into Blue-four.
[KEITH] Wait, he's heading
back to the hotel?
No, he's going to the river.
Shouldn't be many people around.
Perfect!
[KEITH gasps]
Damn it!
No, no, no!
Hit the brakes, right now!
He got us good.
Still packing serious firepower.
Be careful,
he's heading your way!
[gasps]
[KEITH]
Where'd he go?
Bingo!
Idiot. Guess I should thank him
for makin' this easier for me.
[KEITH]
Go!
[KEITH] The moment those
fangs start biting down,
it's boom time!
[KEITH] You're not getting away
from a trained dog, old man.
No way! The minister's
moves are just insane!
I thought he was some
frail old geezer!
Damn it! I'll lose
sight of him!
[TWILIGHT]
I'm truly sorry.
I'm sure the last thing
you wanted in life
was to get dragged into some
foolish human conflict.
Time to end this.
[inaudible]